TT-8125 -  tyk-data-plane chart (#24)
TykTechnologies/tyk-charts: tyk-data-plane/README.md

    helm show values tyk-data-plane > values-data-plane.yaml

Inside the values-data-plane.yaml you need to provide the following fields with their appropriate values:
*If you use the bitnami chart for Redis installation, the DNS name of your Redis as set by Bitnami is `tyk-redis-master.tyk.svc.cluster.local:6379` You can update them in your local `values-oss.yaml` file under `global.redis.addr` and `global.redis.pass`. Alternatively, you can use `--set` flag to set it in Tyk installation. For example `--set global.redis.pass=$REDIS_PASSWORD`

    # connection string used to connect to an MDCB deployment 
    global.rpc.connectionString: loose-tram-hyb.aws-euc1.cloud-ara.tyk.io:443
    # orgID of your dashboard user created with the purpose of being used by the tyk-data-plane
    global.rpc.key: "641109ef31fc480001f52780"
    # API key of your dashboard user  created with the purpose of being used by the tyk-data-plane
    global.rpc.apiKey: "c31733007a6b485b51ea873b2470191c"
    # needed in case you want to have multiple data-planes connected to the same redis instance
    global.rpc.groupID: "test-group-id" (change this to something meaningful for your deployment)

> *All the values above are just examples, please input the values specific for your deployment.

Reviewer: maybe mark them as `yaml` so they are printed formatted

```
> ```yaml
>       ... text comes here
> ```
```

Author: Fixed

Add following under the `global` section in `values.yaml`:

     # Set mongo connection details if you want to configure mongo pump.     
     mongo:
        # The mongoURL value will allow you to set your MongoDB address.
        # Default value: mongodb://mongo.{{ .Release.Namespace }}.svc.cluster.local:27017/tyk_analytics
        # mongoURL: mongodb://mongo.tyk.svc.cluster.local:27017/tyk_analytics
        # If your MongoDB has a password you can add the username and password to the url
        # mongoURL: mongodb://root:pass@tyk-mongo-mongodb.tyk.svc.cluster.local:27017/tyk_analytics?authSource=admin
        mongoURL: <MongoDB address>

        # Enables SSL for MongoDB connection. MongoDB instance will have to support that.
        # Default value: false

>         # useSSL: false

Reviewer: similar to https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-charts/pull/24#discussion_r1144516052

## Tyk Data Plane

tyk-data-plane provides the default deployment of a Tyk-Data-Plane. It includes the Tyk Gateway, an open source Enterprise API Gateway (
supporting REST, GraphQL, TCP and gRPC protocols) and Tyk Pump, an analytics purger that moves the data generated by your Tyk nodes to any back-end. Furthermore 

> it has all the required modifications to easily connect to tyk-control-plane using MDCB.

Reviewer 2: Not only MDCB, this should be able to connect to control plane on Tyk Cloud, a remote cluster (MDCB) or same cluster (Self-managed control plane)

## Introduction

By default, this chart installs following components as subcharts on a [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh/) package manager.
| Component | Enabled by Default | Flag |
| --------- | ------------------ | ---- |
|Tyk Gateway |true  | n/a                    |
|Tyk Pump    |false | global.components.pump |

To enable or disable each component, change the corresponding enabled flag.

Also, you can set the version of each component through `image.tag`. You could find the list of version tags available from [Docker hub](https://hub.docker.com/u/tykio).

## Prerequisites

* Kuberentes 1.19+
* Helm 3+

> * Redis should already be installed or accessible by the gateway. For Redis installation instruction, please see https://tyk.io/docs/tyk-data-plane/ce-helm-chart/#recommended-via-bitnami-chart.

Reviewer 2: Link not found

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart from Git repository in namespace `tyk` with the release name `tyk-data-plane`:

    git clone https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-charts.git
    cd tyk-charts
    helm dependency update tyk-data-plane
    helm show values tyk-data-plane > values-data-plane.yaml

Inside the values-data-plane.yaml you need to provide the following fields with their appropriate values:

> *If you use the bitnami chart for Redis installation, the DNS name of your Redis as set by Bitnami is `tyk-redis-master.tyk.svc.cluster.local:6379` You can update them in your local `values-oss.yaml` file under `global.redis.addr` and `global.redis.pass`. Alternatively, you can use `--set` flag to set it in Tyk installation. For example `--set global.redis.pass=$REDIS_PASSWORD`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*If you use the bitnami chart for Redis installation, the DNS name of your Redis as set by Bitnami is `tyk-redis-master.tyk.svc.cluster.local:6379` You can update them in your local `values-data-plane.yaml` file under `global.redis.addr` and `global.redis.pass`. Alternatively, you can use `--set` flag to set it in Tyk installation. For example `--set global.redis.pass=$REDIS_PASSWORD`
```

```yaml 
# connection string used to connect to an MDCB deployment 
global.rpc.connectionString: loose-tram-hyb.aws-euc1.cloud-ara.tyk.io:443
# orgID of your dashboard user created with the purpose of being used by the tyk-data-plane
global.rpc.key: "641109ef31fc480001f52780"
# API key of your dashboard user  created with the purpose of being used by the tyk-data-plane
global.rpc.apiKey: "c31733007a6b485b51ea873b2470191c"
# needed in case you want to have multiple data-planes connected to the same redis instance
global.rpc.groupID: "test-group-id" (change this to something meaningful for your deployment)
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Please also add example how users can connect to self-managed control plane
